Update readmes to match common design (Feature Layers category) 2/x (#452)
Esri/arcgis-runtime-samples-java: feature_layers/feature-layer-geodatabase/README.md

3. Get the 'Trailheads' `GeodatabaseFeatureTable` from the geodatabase, `Geodatabase.getGeodatabaseFeatureTable(tableName)`.
4. Create feature layer using the table from above, `new FeatureLayer(geodatabaseFeatureTable)`.
5. Add feature layer to `ArcGISMap` with `ArcGISMap.getOperationalLayers().add(featureLayer)`.

## Relevant API

* FeatureLayer
* Geodatabase
* GeodatabaseFeatureTable

## About the data

The sample shows trailheads in the greater Los Angeles area displayed on top of a vector tile basemap.

## Additional information

One of the ArcGIS Runtime data set types that can be accessed via the local storage of the device (i.e. hard drive, flash drive, micro SD card, USB stick, etc.) is a mobile geodatabase. A mobile geodatabase can be provisioned for use in an ArcGIS Runtime application by ArcMap. The following provide some helpful tips on how to create a mobile geodatabase file:

In ArcMap, choose File > Share As > ArcGIS Runtime Content from the menu items to create the .geodatabase file (see the document: http://desktop.arcgis.com/en/arcmap/latest/map/working-with-arcmap/creating-arcgis-runtime-content.htm). 

> Note: You could also use the 'Services Pattern' and access the Geodatabase class via a Feature Service served up via ArcGIS Online or ArcGIS Enterprise. Instead of using the Geodatabase class to access the .geodatabase file on disk, you would use GeodatabaseSyncTask point to a Uri instead. For more information review the document: https://developers.arcgis.com/net/latest/wpf/guide/create-an-offline-layer.htm.

Reviewer: this is something we noticed with the Android refactoring: most of the guide references point to .NET. We should point it to Java, (and this should probably also have some alt text to go with it too): 

```suggestion
Note: You could also use the 'Services Pattern' and access the Geodatabase class via a Feature Service served up via ArcGIS Online or ArcGIS Enterprise. Instead of using the Geodatabase class to access the .geodatabase file on disk, you would use GeodatabaseSyncTask point to a Uri instead. For more information review the document: https://developers.arcgis.com/java/latest/guide/work-with-offline-layers.htm.
```

Author: Good spot. I'll try and remember to keep an eye out for these.
